[Release] Release v0.230.0 (#1817)
databricks/cli: CHANGELOG.md

# Version changelog

## [Release] Release v0.230.0

Notable changes for Databricks Asset Bundles:

Workspace paths are automatically prefixed with `/Workspace`. In addition, all usage of path strings such as `/Workspace/${workspace.root_path}/...` in bundle configuration is automatically replaced with `${workspace.root_path}/...` and generates a warning as part of bundle validate.

> More details can be find here: https://docs.databricks.com/en/release-notes/dev-tools/bundles.html#workspace-paths-will-be-automatically-prefixed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details can be found here: https://docs.databricks.com/en/release-notes/dev-tools/bundles.html#workspace-paths-will-be-automatically-prefixed
```

Reviewer: And the link should be the same as in the warning: https://docs.databricks.com/en/release-notes/dev-tools/bundles.html#workspace-paths -- I suspect this anchor to be stable where the one linked now isn't (it's the same as the title and titles are automatically anchored).

# Version changelog

## [Release] Release v0.230.0

> Important changes:

Reviewer: Good to call out this applies to DABs only.

```suggestion
Notable changes for Databricks Asset Bundles:
```

> Workspace paths are automatically prefixed with `/Workspace`. In addition, all usage of path strings such as `/Workspace/${workspace.root_path}/...` in bundle configuration is automatically replaced with `${workspace.root_path}/...` and generates a warning as part of bundle validate.

Reviewer 2: nit: This should be future tense instead of present.
```suggestion
Workspace paths will now automatically be prefixed with `/Workspace`. In addition, all usage of path strings such as `/Workspace/${workspace.root_path}/...` in bundle configuration will automatically replaced with `${workspace.root_path}/...` and will generate a warning as part of ` databricks bundle validate`.
```

Author: I think it actually should be a present tense, because it's a present state of things for released version

Reviewer 2: Fair enough. Makes sense. In either case the intent will get across.

> If you have specified a custom `workspace.root_path`, `workspace.artifact_path`, or `workspace.file_path`, Databricks Asset Bundles automatically prefixes it with `/Workspace`, but if you use any of these as variables (for example, `my_config_path: /Workspace/${workspace.file_path}/config`), you need to update those entries to remove the /Workspace prefix to avoid the warning.

Reviewer 2: Same, future tense.

If you pass one of these as variables and prefix them in your code, you need to update your code to not do this.

> This change is required because originally when the workspace file system was rooted at `/` and home directories were under `/Users`, to access workspace paths through the Databricks REST API you would use these paths directly. To access workspace paths from your code, you could use the `/Workspace` file path and home directories were also available under `/Workspace/Users`. To avoid this duality of workspace paths, as well as the ambiguity between workspace paths and Unity Catalog `/Volumes` paths, all workspace paths are prefixed with `/Workspace`.

Reviewer: Instead of copying everything, we can refer to the docs site here. That keeps this section terse and folks who want to read more can follow the link to do so.

> This change is required because originally when the workspace file system was rooted at `/` and home directories were under `/Users`, to access workspace paths through the Databricks REST API you would use these paths directly. To access workspace paths from your code, you could use the `/Workspace` file path and home directories were also available under `/Workspace/Users`. To avoid this duality of workspace paths, as well as the ambiguity between workspace paths and Unity Catalog `/Volumes` paths, all workspace paths are prefixed with `/Workspace`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change is required because originally the workspace file system was rooted at `/` and home directories were under `/Users`, to access workspace paths through the Databricks REST API you would use these paths directly. To access workspace paths from your code, you could use the `/Workspace` file path and home directories were also available under `/Workspace/Users`. To avoid this duality of workspace paths, as well as the ambiguity between workspace paths and Unity Catalog `/Volumes` paths, all workspace paths are prefixed with `/Workspace`.
```

Could you also elaborate whether this is a API side change or just a client side change?

 * Add validation for files with a `.(resource-name).yml` extension ([#1780](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/1780)).

Internal:
 * Remove deprecated or readonly fields from the bundle schema ([#1809](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/1809)).

API Changes:
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials create` command . New request type is .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials delete` command . New request type is .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials delete` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials get` command . New request type is .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials get` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials list` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials update` command . New request type is .
 * Changed `databricks git-credentials update` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks repos create` command . New request type is .
 * Changed `databricks repos create` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks repos delete` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks repos get` command to return .
 * Changed `databricks repos update` command . New request type is .

>  * Changed `databricks repos update` command to return .

Reviewer: These can be combined into single lines with some fixup.

Since it doesn't include details, we can just say "changed".
